# sind-data-prep-move-household

This repo has three folders: code, source_file, and output_file. These folders may have multiple folders by the name of the locations, such as 'fortworth', 'gdansk', etc. The 'code' folder contains all the code files related to data preparation and cleaning grouped in the location folders. The 'source_file' folder contains all the source files (provided from outside and not altered or generated by any of the codes from this repo). The 'output_file' contains files generated (or changed/modified) by the code files of this repo. Some output files are generated from source files only; others are generated from either a combination of source and output files or output files alone, which means that an output file does not necessarily indicate a file that will be directly used in the simulation model. It can be a file which is used to create another output file.

Code files:
-----------
1. move_resources_on_the_road_network.py and RN.py
'RN' is a helper file invoked when we call the 'move_resources_on_the_road_network' file. This file sets the road shapefiles first and then moves the contents of other files (in this case, households) on the road network and generates a corresponding new file. For example, if we want to move households on the road network, we need both roads and household shapefiles. This code will move each household to the appropriate position on the road network and save that as a new file. The same code can be repurposed to move anything on the road network with valid latitude and longitude. It will append '_moved' at the end of the initial file name while saving the newly generated one.

Path of the Input files:

../../source_file/gdansk/roads.shp

../../source_file/gdansk/households.shp


Path of the Generated file(s):

../../output_file/gdansk/households_moved.shp
